<h2>E.G.C. Membership</h2>
<p>For those interested in joining O.T.O. as lay members, we can offer ecclesiastical membership into Ecclesia Gnostica Catholica (E.G.C.).  This path involves getting baptized and then confirmed at a Gnostic Mass.  It does require finding two members to stand with you, but isn’t as involved as finding sponsors for initiate membership. A quick word about what our baptism and confirmation rituals surround. We don’t believe in original sin nor place the need of celibacy upon our Clergy. When a member becomes baptized, they are signifying, in ritual form, a willingness to open themselves up to the discovery of their True Will. During one’s confirmation this theme and purpose is further explored with the candidate’s dedication to her/his True Will or divine purpose.</p>
<p>Further information on lay membership may be found <a href="http://oto-usa.org/oto/egc/" target="_blank">here</a>, and please feel free to take a look at our <a href="https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=cruxansata.oto%40gmail.com&ctz=America/Denver" target="_blank">calendar</a> for exact dates of our public rituals.</p>
<h2>Liber XV: The Gnostic Mass</h2>
<p>Every month we perform a public dramatic Eucharistic ritual called the Gnostic Mass. This ritual shows a technique whereby the individual may come into contact—and become one—with the divine.  This is the central rite of the O.T.O. and it is a wonderful opportunity to meet the majority of the active members! We of course don’t expect new guests to have everything about the ritual memorized and therefore provide Missals so you can follow along. We do ask that guests assist the ritual with their own energy by way of following along with the symbolic gestures and recitations of the Gnostic Creed and Anthem, if they’re comfortable doing so. All congregational participants are expected to partake of the Eucharist, which consists of a singular Cake of Light and a glass of either wine or water. Those with dietary restrictions may feel free to talk to an Oasis Officer or one of the team members of the Clergy for the night.</p>
<p>A full script of the ritual may be found <a href="http://hermetic.com/sabazius/gnostic_mass.htm" target="_blank">here</a>.</p>
<p>Feel free to <a href="mailto:egc@cruxansata-oto.org">email us</a> for more information regarding the Gnostic Mass or E.G.C.</p><br><br><br>
